n.type
::If the application does bound checking, it should fail when the data source is larger than the size of the destination buffer. If the application's code is well written, that failure should trigger an alert.::
::An attack designed to leverage a buffer overflow and redirect execution as per the adversary's bidding is fairly difficult to detect. An attack aimed solely at bringing the system down is usually preceded by a barrage of long inputs that make no sense. In either case, it is likely that the adversary would have resorted to a few hit-or-miss attempts that will be recorded in the system event logs, if they exist.::
::Repeated submissions of incorrect secret values may indicate a brute force attack. For example, repeated bad passwords when accessing user accounts or repeated queries to databases using non-existent keys.::Attempts to download files protected by secrets (usually using encryption) may be a precursor to an offline attack to break the file's encryption and read its contents. This is especially significant if the file itself contains other secret values, such as password files.::If the attacker is able to perform the checking offline then there will likely be no indication that an attack is ongoing.::
::An example of indicator is when the client software crashes after executing code downloaded from a hostile server.::
::Many invalid login attempts are coming from the same machine (same IP address) or for the same log in name. The login attempts use passwords that are dictionary words.::
::None. This attack happens offline.::
::Bad data is passed to the XML parser, possibly making it crash.::
::Bad data is passed to the XML parser (possibly repeatedly), possibly making it crash or execute arbitrary code.::
::Many exceptions are thrown by the application's filter modules in a short period of time. Check the logs. See if the probes are coming from the same IP address.::
::Too many exceptions generated by the application as a result of malformed queries::
::A lot of invalid data is fed to the system. Data that cannot have been generated through a legitimate transaction/request. Data is coming into the system within a short period of time and potentially from the same IP.::
::Differences in requests processed by the two entities. This requires careful monitoring or a capable log analysis tool.::
::The only indicators are multiple responses to a single request in the web logs. However, this is difficult to notice in the absence of an application filter proxy or a log analyzer. There are no indicators for the client::
::Control characters are being detected by the filters repeatedly.::
::An attacker creating or modifying Symbolic links is a potential signal of attack in progress.::An attacker deleting temporary files can also be a sign that the attacker is trying to replace legitimate resources with malicious ones.::
::The client software crashes after visiting a URL downloaded from a hostile server.::
::Many incorrect login attempts are detected by the system.::
::Many incorrect attempts to answer the security question.::
::Null characters are observed by the filter. The filter needs to be able to understand various encodings of the Null character, or only canonical data should be passed to it.::
::Repeated errors generated by the same piece of code are an indication, although it requires careful monitoring of the application and its associated error logs, if any.::
::This is a completely offline attack that an attacker can perform at their leisure after the password hashes are obtained.::
::There are no indicators for the server since a fixated session identifier is similar to an ordinarily generated one. However, too many invalid sessions due to invalid session identifiers is a potential warning.::A client can be suspicious if a received link contains preset session identifiers. However, this depends on the client's knowledge of such an issue. Also, fixation through Cross Site Scripting or hidden form fields is usually difficult to detect.::
::If the first decoding process has left some invalid or blacklisted characters, that may be a sign that the request is malicious.::Traffic filtering with IDS (or proxy) can detect requests with suspicious URLs. IDS may use signature based identification to reveal such URL based attacks.::
::Too many false or invalid queries to the database, especially those caused by malformed input.::
::The log can have a trace of abnormal activity. Also if abnormal activity is detected on the host target. For instance flooding should be seen as abnormal activity and the target host may decide to take appropriate action in order to mitigate the attack (data filtering or blocking). Resource exhaustion is also a sign of abnormal activity.::
::The only indicators of successful Blind SQL Injection are the application or database logs that show similar queries with slightly differing logical conditions that increase in complexity over time. However, this requires extensive logging as well as knowledge of the queries that can be used to perform such injection and return meaningful information from the database.::
::Unicode encoded data is passed to APIs where it is not expected::
::A web penetration tool probing a web server may generate abnormal activities recorded on log files. Abnormal traffic such as a high number of request coming from the same client may also rise the warnings from a monitoring system or an intrusion detection tool.::
::An attacker can use a fuzzer in order to probe for this vulnerability. The fuzzer should generate suspicious network activity noticeable by an intrusion detection system.::
::If the first path decoding process has left some invalid or blacklisted characters, that may be a sign that the request is malicious.::Traffic filtering with IDS (or proxy) can detect request with suspicious URLs. IDS may use signature based identification to reveal such URL based attacks.::An attacker can use a fuzzer in order to probe for a UTF-8 encoding vulnerability. The fuzzer should generate suspicious network activity.::
::A web page that contains overly long UTF-8 codes constitute a protocol anomaly, and could be an indication that an attacker is attempting to exploit a vulnerability on the target host.::An attacker can use a fuzzer in order to probe for a UTF-8 encoding vulnerability. The fuzzer should generate suspicious network activity noticeable by an intrusion detection system.::An IDS filtering network traffic may be able to detect illegal UTF-8 characters.::
::Too many exceptions generated by the application as a result of malformed XPath queries::
::You receive an e-mail from an entity that you are not even a customer of prompting you to log into your account.::You receive any e-mail that provides you with a link which takes you to a website on which you need to enter your log in information.::
::Bad data is continuously passed to the XML parser, possibly making it crash.::
